Add return values aux state to dynamic modeling lang (#153)
probcomp/Gen: docs/src/ref/gfi.md

p(r; x, t) := p(t, r; x) / p(t; x)
```

### Return value function
A (deterministic) function ``f`` that maps the tuple ``(x, t)`` of the arguments and the choice map to the return value of the function (which we denote by ``y``).
Note that the return value cannot depend on the untraced randomness.

### Auxiliary state
Generative functions may expose additional **auxiliary state** associated with an execution, besides the choice map and the return value.
This auxiliary state is a function ``z = h(x, t, r)`` of the arguments, choice map, and untraced randomness.
Like the choice map, the auxiliary state is indexed by addresses.
We require that the addresses of auxiliary state are disjoint from the addresses in the choice map.
Note that when a generative function is called within a model, the auxiliary state is not available to the caller.

> It is typically used by inference programs, for logging and for caching the results of deterministic computations that would otherwise need to be reconstructed.

Reviewer: Nice concise description of what we arrived at today.

q(r; x, t) > 0 \mbox{ if and only if } p(r; x, t) > 0
```

## Traces

An **execution trace** (or just *trace*) is a record of an execution of a generative function.
Traces are the primary data structures manipulated by Gen inference programs.
There are various methods for producing, updating, and inspecting traces.
Traces contain:

- the arguments to the generative function

> - the random choice map 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the choice map 
```

- the return value

- auxiliary state

> - other implementation-specific state that is not exposed to the caller or user of the generative function, but is used internally to facilitate e.g. incremental updates to executions.

Reviewer: Are you counting non-addressable randomness as one of these?  I think it might need its own item in this list because it's part of the public interface?  Its form is unspecified, and it need not have an accessor, but the public interface to traces uses math that depends on `r`, so every trace type has to have a notion of `r`.  WDYT?

Author: The non-addressable randomness itself does not need to be stored. For example in many cases, the only thing that depends on `r` that needs to be stored is the 'weight' `p(r, t; x) / q(r; x, t)` and not `r` itself. But I'll add another bullet for it as you suggested.

Author: Fixed in f971f9c930b97c55233839cfe1f71d2741d3c653

Reviewer: Right, right -- and we're using the word "contains" loosely here, since the GFI can't say the trace has to actually contain something, it can just say the trace has to have methods that act as if it contained them.  Nice phrasing for the extra bullet point.  Thanks!

Different concrete types of generative functions use different data structures and different Julia types for their traces, but traces are subtypes of [`Trace`](@ref).
```@docs
Trace
```
The concrete trace type that a generative function uses is the second type parameter of the [`GenerativeFunction`](@ref) abstract type.
For example, the trace type of [`DynamicDSLFunction`](@ref) is `DynamicDSLTrace`.

A generative function can be executed to produce a trace of the execution using [`simulate`](@ref):
```julia
trace = simulate(foo, (a, b))
```

> An traced execution that satisfies constraints on the choice map can be generated using [`generate`](@ref):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A traced execution that satisfies given constraints on the choice map can be generated using [`generate`](@ref):
```

Reviewer: And similarly above

```julia
trace, weight = generate(foo, (a, b), choicemap((:z, false)))
```
There are various methods for inspecting traces, including:

- [`get_args`](@ref) (returns the arguments to the function)

- [`get_retval`](@ref) (returns the return value of the function)

> - [`get_choices`](@ref) (returns the choice map)

Reviewer: Do we also want a `get_aux` (and/or something that returns a combined `merge(choice_map, aux)`)?  `getindex` might be enough (whereas I do see why we need a `get_choices`), just wondering what you think.

Author: I don't think we need that.

- [`get_score`](@ref) (returns the log probability that the random choices took the values they did)

- [`get_gen_fn`](@ref) (returns a reference to the generative function)

You can also access the values in the choice map and the auxiliary state of the trace by passing the address to [`Base.getindex`](@ref).
For example, to retrieve the value of random choice at address `:z`:
```julia
z = trace[:z]
```

## Updating traces

> It is often important to adjust the trace of a generative function (e.g. within MCMC, numerical optimization, sequential Monte Carlo, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is often important to incrementally modify the trace of a generative function (e.g. within MCMC, numerical optimization, sequential Monte Carlo, etc.).
```

### Regenerate

> The [`regenerate`](@ref) method takes a trace and generates an adjusted trace that is consistent with a change to the arguments to the function, and also generates new values for selected random choices.

Reviewer: Is it the case that `regenerate` must also resample the non-addressable randomness?

Author: Yes. The text here is attempting to be a high-level conceptual introduction of what regenerate does (the precise definition is in the function documentation).
